hey there everyone if you still remember
how to say hi and creating a bit pretty
so pretty and I'm already here and the
first of all I would like to wish you
happy New Year and Merry Christmas and
also wanna wish you all the best
a lot of cloud and understanding and I
want you to be happy and healthy for the
next year early in the course be happy
so this video I would like to be paid to
New Year and Christmas the hood to
holding that are celebrated almost
always work and so yet in Ukraine here
first
we celebrate we do here and then goes
Christmas so in order to stay capping
the year you say good noble throw come
true no ring
throw home not welcome so Snowbell go
home and Happy New Year in order to say
Merry Christmas Christmas in Ukraine we
celebrate on the 7th of January not the
25th of December here using this
different calendar here so equal and the
Merry Christmas
in the cranium is best a mohawk pizza if
the fellow very fun the cell phone rings
fun ok
I wish this with you tool for you make
because the way to click down and if you
want to say thank you because someone
gave it before you did of it so you say
Apple
thank you is that to do justice in that
will that is to crane one thinking
and we just like to take one minute and
to David what I'm especially proud about
is here in Ukraine here celebrating
Christmas at the dedication to the birth
of Jesus Christ okay
it's not about gift it's not about truth
it's not about family reunion and so on
is it we can do it in if it's all
included but the most important reason
the biggest thing we always have to
remember if that Jesus was born the big
day we are dedicated to celebrate Jesus
birth so yeah I always remember that
and always keep God in your heart so
that everyone will be happy and
everything will be okay with you this is
what I personally so once again let me
wish you this time in Ukrainian Moroccan
and the telomere Islam he happy
have fun have great holidays and see you
later bye bye papa